.TH "REENTRANT-PROGRESS-NOTIFICATOR" 7 "Fri Nov 27 2020" "Linux" "User commands"

.SH NAME
reentrant-progress-notificator \- launch X11 dialog with and image progress

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B reentrant-progress-notificator
.RB [ OPTIONS ] 
.B MOD-VAL
.B INIT-VAL

.B reentrant-progress-notificator 
.RB (+|\-) 
.RB PID

.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
reentrant-progress-notificator is a X11 dialog that displays an SVG image and a progressbar, that can be updated by sending USR1 and USR2 signals to the running process. Alternatively, you can call it again and pass '+' or '-' and a running process ID, to update the progressbar.
.P
All the options are set with the initial instance and preserved during the lifetime. It auto-closes after the lifetime has expired, and it resets it when it receives USR1 or USR2 signal.
.P
.B MOD-VAL
is the increment used to increase/decrease progress when USR1/USR2 are sent
.P
.B INIT-VAL
is the initial progressbar value. By default it is clamped to range 0-100.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Shows this help.

.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-test\-for\-process\-name
When second instance is invoked with <pid>, it tests whether process name is the same. Default = off.

.TP
.BR \-\-width
Window width. Default = 256.

.TP
.BR \-\-height
Window height. Default = 256.

.TP
.BR \-\-min\-value
Minimum gauge value. Default = 0.

.TP
.BR \-\-max\-value
Maximum gauge value. Default = 100.

.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-startlife
How long, in ms, will the dialog stay up. Default = 1000.

.TP
.BR \-\-background\-color
Background color for the dialog in hex. Transparency is supported. Default = 0x70707070.

.TP
.BR \-\-viewport\-x
X position for the image. Default = 10.

.TP
.BR \-\-viewport\-y
Y position for the image. Default = 5.

.TP
.BR \-\-viewport\-width
Make image of this width. Default = 246.

.TP
.BR \-\-viewport\-height
Make image of this height. Default = 216.

.TP
.BR \-\-progressbar\-bar\-width
Width of a single bar in the progress bar. Default = 6.

.TP
.BR \-\-progressbar\-bar\-height
Height of a single bar in the progress bar. Default = 15.

.TP
.BR \-\-progressbar\-bar\-margin
Margins between bars in the progress bar. Default = 4.

.TP
.BR \-\-progressbar\-y
Y position for the progress bar. Default = 230.

.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-speaker\-image\-path
Image to be displayed. Default = "/usr/share/icons/breeze-dark/devices/64/audio-headphones.svg"

.SH BUGS
.PP
Passing an invalid filename for the image will probably crash it.
.PP
Passing a non-SVG image filename will probably crash it too.
.PP
Passing negative values for any coordinate (x,y,width,height, viewport...)
will probably crash it

.SH AUTHOR
John Z. (johnz -at- pleasantnightmare -dot- com)
